page/02-about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About Me
permalink: /about/
icon: id-card
type: page
---

* content
{:toc}

<div id = "vvPicture"><a href = "http://vedranavidulin.com/assets/images/Vedrana.Vidulin.png">
  <img alt = "Vedrana Vidulin" src = "http://vedranavidulin.com/assets/images/Vedrana_Vidulin.png" height = 215>
</a></div>

My name is Vedrana Vidulin. I'm a data scientist, bioinformatician and entrepreneur in the making.

I was introduced to computer programming at elementary school. At that time, I developed my first application and improved programming skills through competitions. During high school I developed an application for managing school grades and a currency exchange application.

The first encounter with data science was in artificial intelligence and statistics courses at the university. My fascination with data science led to a bachelor thesis on the topic of neural networks.

I specialized data science during my PhD studies at Jožef Stefan International Postgraduate School, where I completed data science and artificial intelligence courses. The topic of a PhD thesis is an interactive data mining method that extracts credible knowledge from data by combining human expertise and machine learning. Credible knowledge is statistically supported by data and is meaningful to the analyst.

During PhD studies, I worked at Jožef Stefan Institute. I participated in a semantic search engine project developing a method for automatic construction of a classifier that annotates web pages with genres. In the eDoorman project, I had a role of operations manager, leading a group that developed an intelligent agent mimicking behaviour of a human doorman.

<div class = "quoteBox">My mission is to develop innovative software products for microbiologists to shed light on the roles of microorganisms in human health and environment.</div>

I specialized bioinformatics during postdoctoral studies at Ruđer Bošković Institute. I learned about bioinformatic databases and pipelines, genomics and microbiology. I integrated that knowledge with my expertise in data science to develop a bioinformatic pipeline that annotates genes in bacteria and archaea with their biological functions.

After postdoc, I received an individual fellowship to continue my work on the gene function prediction pipeline. In this period, I worked at Jožef Stefan Institute and Faculty of Information Studies and gained experience in project management, writing project proposals and teaching. I also spent four months as a research visitor at Laboratory of Computational Metagenomics at University of Trento.

Currently, I’m working on a project that will transfer my knowledge of gene function prediction into practice. My mission is to develop innovative software products for microbiologists to shed light on the roles of microorganisms in human health and environment. I’m also promoting data science and bioinformatics through a blog and social networks. On top of that, I’m developing the entrepreneurial skill set needed to build a successful startup.

The results of my work are available as:
- [peer reviewed scientific papers](/publications/),
- [blog posts](/),
- [code](https://github.com/{{site.github_username}}), and
- [data](/data/).

Detailed description of my achievements is presented in [curriculum vitae](http://vedranavidulin.com/assets/pdfs/CV-Vedrana_Vidulin.pdf).

<div id = "vvSig" style = "padding-top: 20px"><img alt = "VV" src = "http://vedranavidulin.com/assets/images/VV.png" height = 30></div>

Commit message:

Links box, text in the About Me page

page/02-about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About Me
permalink: /about/
icon: id-card
type: page
links: true
---

* content
{:toc}

<div id = "vvPicture"><a href = "http://vedranavidulin.com/assets/images/Vedrana.Vidulin.png">
  <img alt = "Vedrana Vidulin" src = "http://vedranavidulin.com/assets/images/Vedrana_Vidulin.png" height = 215>
</a></div>

I'm Vedrana Vidulin, a data scientist, bioinformatician and entrepreneur in the making.

My first encounter with data science was at the BSc-level artificial intelligence and statistics courses. Fascination with data science led me to a bachelor thesis on the topic of neural networks.

I specialized data science during PhD studies at Jožef Stefan International Postgraduate School, where I completed data science and artificial intelligence courses. The topic of a PhD thesis was an interactive data mining method that extracts credible knowledge from data by combining human expertise and data mining algorithms. Credible knowledge is statistically supported by data and is meaningful to the analyst.

During PhD studies, I worked at Jožef Stefan Institute. I participated in a semantic search engine project developing a method for automatic construction of a classifier that annotates web pages with genres. In the eDoorman project, I had a role of operations manager, leading a group that developed an intelligent agent mimicking behaviour of a human doorman.

<div class = "quoteBox">My mission is to develop innovative software products for microbiologists to shed light on the roles of microorganisms in human health and environment.</div>

At Ruđer Bošković Institute I specialized bioinformatics by learning about bioinformatic databases and pipelines, genomics and microbiology. That knowledge and my expertise in data science resulted in a bioinformatic pipeline that annotates genes in bacteria and archaea with their biological functions.

Afterwards, I received an individual fellowship to continue my work on the gene function prediction pipeline. In this period, I worked at Jožef Stefan Institute and Faculty of Information Studies and gained experience in project management, writing project proposals and teaching. I also spent four months as a research visitor at Laboratory of Computational Metagenomics at University of Trento.

My current focus is on gene function prediction and how to transfer it into practice. My mission is to develop innovative software products for microbiologists to shed light on the roles of microorganisms in human health and environment. I’m also promoting data science and bioinformatics through a blog and social networks. On top of that, I’m developing the entrepreneurial skill set needed to build a successful startup.

The results of my work are available as:
- [peer reviewed scientific papers](/publications/),
- [blog posts](/),
- [code](https://github.com/{{site.github_username}}),
- [data](/data/).

Detailed description of my achievements is presented in [curriculum vitae](http://vedranavidulin.com/assets/pdfs/CV-Vedrana_Vidulin.pdf).

<div id = "vvSig" style = "padding-top: 20px"><img alt = "VV" src = "http://vedranavidulin.com/assets/images/VV.png" height = 30></div>
